Cloud governance is the product of an ongoing adoption effort over time,
as a true lasting transformation doesn\'t happen overnight. It becomes
critical to evaluate risk tolerance to inform minimally invasive
policies that govern cloud adoption and manage risks. In some
industries, third-party compliance affects initial policy creation.

Regulatory organizations frequently publish standards and updates to
help define good security practices so that organizations can avoid
negligence. The purpose and scope of these standards, and regulations
vary. The security requirements, however, can influence the design for
data protection and retention, network access, and system security.

Once the business risks are mapped and converted into decisions to
policy statements, the cybersecurity architect will be able to establish
the regulatory compliance strategy. This strategy also takes into
consideration the industry in which the organization belongs or the type
of transactions that the organization performs. A good compliance
strategy needs to ensure that security controls are implemented to
directly map regulatory compliance requirements, that's why is important
to have full visibility of the type of business, transactions, and
overall business requirements before establishing a regulatory
compliance strategy.

Noncompliance can lead to fines or other business impact. Work with your
regulators and carefully review the standard to understand both the
intent and the literal wording of each requirement. Here are some
questions that may help you understand each requirement.

- How is compliance measured?

- Who approves if the workload meets the requirements?

- Are there processes for obtaining attestations?

- What are the documentation requirements?